Hey, so you're on top of
the world right now, right?
You know that your pain is a signal
flare showing you your true self.
You're ready to face the
road ahead, fight the dragon!
Save the princess!
You're going down Bowser!
Right?
But I'm a realist.
Okay?
And I wanna prepare you for
what to expect, for real.
So before we move into the next
exercise, I wanna talk to you about
something that most of us have spent
a lifetime trying to avoid rejection.
Most of us learned early on that
acceptance was the goal, right?
That if we could just be agreeable enough,
impressive enough, successful enough,
we'd be safe, we'd be loved, we'd belong.
But quick recap from the last module.
Acceptance is not the
same thing as belonging.
Acceptance says we like you
because you play the part.
Belonging says, we see you, and
you're good enough exactly as you are.
But you can't have both, right?
Because the more you perform, the
more you teach yourself that the real
you isn't good enough to be loved.
You start to believe the lie that
who you truly are is unworthy,
and that is soul crushing.
If I could go back and give my younger
self one piece of advice, it would be
this, make friends with rejection, because
rejection isn't failure, it's feedback.
It's how you discover what's actually
meant for you and what's not.
Here, let me give you a, a visual, okay.
Back when I was young, I was
casting my net as wide as possible,
like I was fishing, right?
Trying to catch every bit
of approval that I could.
I made the holes in my net so small
that I caught all the tiny little
fish, little validations, surface level
friendships, performative relationships,
but I was still starving inside.
Because what I really wanted
was the big catch, right?
The thing that actually fits the people
who actually see me, my people, the
life that actually aligns my life.
And to catch that, well, you're gonna
have to let the small stuff fall through.
You've gotta be willing to be
misunderstood, to be judged, to
be left out by people you never
actually belong to in the first place.
So here's what's about to happen.
Now that you're becoming more aligned
with who you truly are, you're going to
feel the urge to start faking it again.
And it'll happen with certain people in
certain places around certain triggers.
You'll feel that old impulse, shrink
smile, say the thing they want to hear,
but this time you're not going in blind.
Okay?
You're going in with a map.
And in the next exercise, you're gonna
name those places, those people, those
moments where you tend to abandon
yourself and you're going to plan
your new response, the response that
reflects who you actually are, because
you don't need to fit in everywhere.
You just need to belong to yourself.
And preparation.
That's the best way to ensure success.
So let's get after it.